christmas is coming Christmas is the
mother of all holidays and it really
kind of got started this morning at my
house because the Elf on a shelf is back
in our home that's right the elves
somehow got out of the box we'd stuffed
him in the closet and he got out and up
onto our tree and it's good to have the
little rat back it really is you know
you tell kids not the tattle and then
you bring this elf into the house whose
only job is to tell Santa all the bad
things that they do my daughter Jane
who's five years old is now very
determined to impress the elf so this
morning she brushed her teeth in the
living room in front of him look at what
I'm doing and my son Billy calls Santa
ho ho ho ho the season is upon us today
is giving Tuesday
yesterday was selfish Monday or Cyber
Monday whatever they I went a little
nuts on Cyber Monday woke up this
morning with a dozen Amazon echoes in my
bed there's one still in me I think do
you think President Trump buys presents
for anyone in his life not a chance
right the president you can't buy things
on Twitter the president now is in
London mixing it up with fellow world
leaders at the NATO summit tomorrow he's
scheduled to meet with leaders from
Estonia Latvia Romania Lithuania
Bulgaria and several other countries
he's just hearing about for the first
time today the president and the first
lady were at Buckingham Palace to visit
the Queen and Prince Charles and this is
good you know you're not supposed to
walk in front of the Queen it's like a
rule well for once Donald Trump tried to
be courteous and watch him here trying
to not walking he's like kind of got a
sideways thing go and what he
I don't know what to do this is come on
Lady chop-chop I got crumpets to eat
Trump was asked today about another
member of the royal family the Queen's
son Prince Andrew who as you may know
step down from his official royal duties
because of his alleged involvement with
Jeffrey Epstein no III don't know Prince
Andrew but it's it's a tough story it's
a very tough story I don't know yeah
yeah he doesn't know him except for when
they met here Sandwich II Melania when
they were deepen mutual prayer at
Westminster Abbey here they are another
time out for totally separate walks in
very close proximity but definitely not
knowing each other and here not knowing
each other at a party in bar Drago and
there's Joe Geoffrey has been hanging in
the back these guys have taken more
photos together than most cousins but he
doesn't know does he think we don't have
Google and by the way he does this all
the time no one has never met more
people than Donald Trump I don't even
know where they are I never even heard
of some of them most of them I don't
know them I don't know about them I
don't know what they do I don't know
them I never even met some of these
people who never knew me I never met her
I don't know who she is
I never met him I never met these people
I don't know those gentlemen I don't
know him I never met I don't know him
I've never met him I don't even know if
I never met the guy I don't know him I
never met him I never met the guess I've
never better I don't know her I really
don't know her I
no her never I don't know I never met
her never met him I don't really know I
never met him I never met Putin I don't
know who button is he know I know I know
so many people but not any of the bad
ones he does some of them had a somewhat
tense one-on-one with the president of
France Emmanuel macron McCrone at one
point corrected a nonsensical statement
Trump made about the number of Isis
fighters that come from Europe and then
Trump lashed out at McCrone efforts to
tax American companies Facebook and
Google and all of them Twitter although
I guess I'd do pretty well with Twitter
on the other side but I'm not
necessarily in love with those companies
so France is going to put a tax on it
was totally out of the blue you just
have the idea emanuelle had an idea this
text those companies well they're
American companies I'm not going to let
people take advantage of American
companies because if anyone's going to
take advantage of the American companies
it's gonna be us that's right nobody
beats up my little brother except for me
hey this is a topic I'm surprised Trump
didn't raise with the president of
France America is reportedly on the
verge of a french-fried shortage for
real because of all the cold and wet
weather this year fewer potatoes are
expected than any year since 2010 which
is a crisis that could result in
millions of Americans getting healthier
I guess I don't know potatoes you get a
30 pound bag of them for like $6 I can
build the house out of potatoes for less
than it costs to buy a pair of VR
goggles but if it's true this is
dangerous because we can't have Donald
Trump facing impeachment and a french
fry shortage at the same time there's no
telling what he might do but this really
tells you all you need to know about how
we eat in this country the two hardest
foods in America to get are french fries
and the popeyes chicken sandwich
is the other sticky point between Trump
and the French president last month
McCrone said NATO was experiencing brain
death so today Trump made it very clear
that he did not like that comment at all
it's just that when you make a statement
like that that is a very very very nasty
statement to essentially 28 including
them 28 countries I think that you know
you have a very high unemployment rate
in France France is not doing well
economically at all and you just can't
go around making statements like that
about NATO it's very disrespectful he's
right he's right what kind of a person
would go around making disrespectful
statements about NATO number one NATO is
obsolete NATO is absolutely it's
obsolete we're getting ripped in NATO
NATO taken total advantage NATO is
ripping us off I'm talking about NATO
and how the United States is getting
ripped off with an obsolete NATO NATO's
is obsolete it's old as fat it's sloppy
it's just like him that's why you got
on the other side of the world of North
Korean government today issued a warning
to the United States they called the
talks with Americans a foolish trick and
said quite cryptically it is entirely up
to the u.s. what Christmas gift it will
select to get what's that supposed to be
is North Korea planning to launch tube
socks and fruitcake adults but Trump
isn't worried because he knows just how
close he is to kim jeong-hoon mr.
president why is North Korea continued
its nuclear program development Obama
number-one problem oh well thank you I
guess
pretty soon he'll be claiming he's
friends with the nuclear warheads
I like the nukes the nukes like me we'll
see meanwhile back at home the House
Intelligence Committee released and
voted the through their much anticipated
impeachment report this report makes the
case that Trump did all the stuff
everybody already knows he did but one
of the more notable McNuggets in it came
from inside the house the top Republican
on the House Intelligence Committee
loyal team Trump or Devin Nunez
according to this report they have phone
records that show multiple contexts
between Nunez and one of rudy giuliani's
ukrainian henchmen left partes that guy
who was recently indicted for campaign
finance violations Devin Nunez spoke to
partes on the phone several times and
did not disclose that or recuse himself
from the investigation this is like if
we found out judge Ito used to crash on
OJ's couch or something
so Nunez is also suing CNN for
defamation in the suit Nunez says CNN
should have known Parnas was a renowned
liar a fraud stirrer a hustler and
opportunist with delusions of grandeur
he should have known but he didn't
either they repeatedly spoke on
telephone Nunez had a number of
conversations with trump's attorney rudy
giuliani too but for a member of the
Intelligence Committee he sure doesn't
seem to have any he really doesn't but
this report explains why these
Republicans around Trump keep saying he
didn't do anything wrong because they
did the same stuff he did Trump said
today he's not even thinking about
impeachment right now while that may be
true he doesn't like to think we know
that he is tweeting about it these are
tweets about the impeachment from the
past few days that he isn't thinking
about Trump is getting angrier by the
day he's especially unhappy with the
chairman of the House Intelligence
Committee Adam Schiff is a deranged
human being and he grew up with a
complex a lots of reasons that are
obvious I think he's a very sick man
that's so just a recap Adam Schiff
maniac deranged sick man kim jongdo a
good friend great guy hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel give back this holiday season buy
my new book the serious goose I wrote it
and drew it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
and if you don't support that you are a
box